Update experiment-management-api-experiments.md (#784)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: public/docs/md/experiment-apis/en/experiment-management-api-experiments.md

| `bucketingSalt`                        | Optional    | string       | Bucketing salt.                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `bucketingUnit`                        | Optional    | string       | Bucketing unit represented by a group type from the accounts add-on. Used for group level bucketing and analysis.                                                                                          |
| `evaluationMode`                       | Optional    | string       | Evaluation mode for the experiment, either `local` or `remote`.                                                                                                                                            |

> | `rolloutPercentage`                    | Optional    | number       | Rollout percentage for non-targeted users. Range 0 - 100. This has to be a whole number.                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rolloutPercentage`                    | Optional    | number       | Rollout percentage for non-targeted users. Provide the value as a whole number between `0` and `100`.                                                                                                                                                |
```
